What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When i initialize repository, system create hidden folder .git in current folder.
I need to do it that to show git that i want to use version control for this folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and repository? What value do you think it offers?

I think staging area is different from the working directory and repository in the way, that it allow programmer to commit files in repository one by one or fewfiles at the same time. Operator add does not allow us to do that.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Using operator "git add" i can add all necessary files to staging area and then commit them to the repository at one time.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branshes would be helpful in situations when i would try to add some experimental features, or try to add some new language for an application.
In such cases i will make changes only to extra branches but not in master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams help me to visualize the branch structure in that way, that i can see what branches were created, after what commits and what commits they have.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When we merge two branches together commits from one branch add to another and git create one new commit that's usually called "Merge".
That is why we represent it in in diagram like a new circle that is connected to two  branches.:

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
One of the most important pros of automatic merging is that it can be done without human, just by computer. Git can decide itself what files it need to change.
Then again if there is doubtful situation, where git can not be sure exactly what it need to keep as a result of merging, then it is really better to do merge 
manually, coz in such case, we can be sure that all necessaries changes will be saved and noone of them will be lost.
