When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all my work local in cases,
when i would like to share my project with another people or when i would like to have a 
copy of my repository in different place just in case if something will happen with my 
local place

Why migth you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay 
up-to-date with your remote repository?

I think it may be a good idea always pull changes manually coz in such case I can be sure that 
noone will interrupt my job with their edits

Describe the difference between forks, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of 
another?

Branch - we use it when want to add new feature and want to test it along the way, or, for example
when we want to rewrite our code or try new settings 

Clone - we use clone when we want to make copy of local or remote repository on our local machine

Fork - we use fork when we want to make copy on remote repository on remote server

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

If we have copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally we can use this information to stay as long 
sync as possible while we are offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I would exchange files that i have changed with another person via shared disks, email, or some kind of messengers. It would be generally easier, coz we would not need to learn git and all commands that it has, but at the same time our collaboration project would really become a big mess, coz we would not have central place with all commentaries and problems

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I would make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master in cases when I would want to keep my master branch always ready to go to the production. Also I would like to use branches when I would want to see changes that other programmers have made before putting them in master

